Geographic filter & Geographic coverage metadata (#216)
opendatasoft/ods-documentation: source/configuring_domain/05_configuring_domain/tabs.rst

By default the dataset is opened on the **table view**, but you can choose to display the **information tab** instead. The table view by default is useful to give users with a direct access to the data, whereas the information tab by default is interesting to provide users with context and description first.

.. image:: images/configuration_default-tab.png

Catalog page — Geographic filter
--------------------------------

> The geographic filter allows to search datasets in the catalog based on the geographical location of their data (see :ref:`Filtering the catalog using the geographic filter <using-the-minimap>`). By default, this filter is not activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The geographic filter allows to search datasets in the catalog based on the territory covered by the data they contain (see :ref:`Filtering the catalog using the geographic filter <using-the-minimap>`). By default, this filter is not activated.
```

.. admonition:: Important
   :class: important

   The geographic filter can either enable filtering at international level or only on a specific, chosen country.

> 

Reviewer 2: Now that we don't have a mode named "International" anymore, maybe using a more explicit term would be better. For example "filtering across the entire world, or only within a specific, chosen country"?
